wip: fix miss metrics endpoint bind (#316)
InftyAI/llmaz: docs/prometheus-operator/README.md

> # Install Prometheus-operator steps 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Install Prometheus Operator Guide
```

Author: done

- ServiceMonitor
```bash
root@VM-0-5-ubuntu:/home/ubuntu/llmaz# kubectl get ServiceMonitor -n llmaz-system
NAME                                       AGE
llmaz-controller-manager-metrics-monitor   59s
```
- Prometheus Pods
```bash
root@VM-0-5-ubuntu:/home/ubuntu/llmaz# kubectl get pods -n llmaz-system
NAME                                        READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
llmaz-controller-manager-7ff8f7d9bd-vztls   2/2     Running   0          28s
prometheus-llmaz-prometheus-0               2/2     Running   0          27s
```
- Services
```bash
root@VM-0-5-ubuntu:/home/ubuntu/llmaz# kubectl get svc -n llmaz-system
NAME                                       TYPE        CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)    AGE
llmaz-controller-manager-metrics-service   ClusterIP   10.96.79.226    <none>        8443/TCP   46s
llmaz-webhook-service                      ClusterIP   10.96.249.226   <none>        443/TCP    46s
prometheus-operated                        ClusterIP   None            <none>        9090/TCP   45s
```

### View metrics using the prometheus UI
Use port forwarding to access the Prometheus UI from your local machine:

```bash

> root@VM-0-5-ubuntu:/home/ubuntu# kubectl port-forward services/prometheus-operated  39090:9090 --address 0.0.0.0 -n llmaz-system

Reviewer: let's use 9090:9090 as default

Author: done

Forwarding from 0.0.0.0:39090 -> 9090
```

If using kind, we can use port-forward, `kubectl port-forward services/prometheus-operated  39090:9090 --address 0.0.0.0 -n llmaz-system`

> This allows us to access prometheus using a browser: `http://{ecs public IP}:39090/query`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows us to access prometheus using a browser: `http://localhost:9090/query`
```

Author: done
